changes 1 

-- we need Nick, tom , Daisy , and Jordan 

Okay, so I've got a lot more text in here.

I just took it from The Great Gatsby website and I'm going to save.

And now I finished chapter one, I outlined it, and I'm ready to go through the same steps again and

commit.

So I always start with get status and I'm going to show you one other option for how I can add these

two files simultaneously rather than having to add them by name.

If I do get add followed by a dot, I actually have a slide on this.

Here we are.

Get add dot will stage all changes at once.

So whatever we have unstaged at the moment, they're not going to be committed when I use git add dot

both in this case.

But if I had 50 files that were modified, all 50 would be staged and it can be useful.

But also, if you've worked on a bunch of things and disparate features that aren't necessarily ready

to all be committed at once, it's much better to be surgical when you make your commits.

But for now, I finished chapter one.

The outline had to do with chapter one, so I'll add both.

If I type git status, we can see both of those have been modified and now I'll commit get commit dash

em finish chapter one great type get log just as proof and there it is.

Finished chapter one.

Okay, so then I go to bed and I'm having a real rough time with how long chapter one is, and I'm thinking

about it at night as I'm in bed, I'm like, Oh, I really need to fix that in the next morning.

I need to break this chapter up.

So that's what I decide to do.

I wake up and I move my outline around a bit to reflect my new changes.

I decide that right here I want to split my outline, so I'm going to add chapter two now starts right

here.
jbbbb
So I'm just going to move some content around.

Of course, by doing that and saving the file, I've now dirtied our working tree, meaning that we

have some changes that have not yet been committed.

Then I'll go to the chapter one file.

I'm going to take half of this the second half and cut it out of here.



fijfijf
idudh